chore: Add mention of possible netcat install requirement (#359)
lidofinance/community-staking-module: README.md

- Install [Just](https://github.com/casey/just)

> > Some Linux distributions (like Arch Linux) might require additional install of [netcat (nc)](https://netcat.sourceforge.net/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Some Linux distributions (like Arch Linux) might require additional install of [netcat (nc)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Netcat). The preferred version is OpenBSD.
```
